c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\WifiHotspot.xr.xml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\WifiHotspot.exe
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\WifiHotspot.pdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\WifiHotspot.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\WifiHotspot.exe
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\WifiHotspot.pdb
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\ana1.g.i.cs
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\ana1.g.cs
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\ana1.xbf
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\ana1.xaml
c:\users\mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WifiHotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\ana1.xbf
C:\Users\Mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wifihotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\Mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wifihotspot\WifiHotspot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Mustafa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wifihotspot\WifiHotspot\obj\Debug\WifiHotspot.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
